# MicrosoftEngage2022
Indian Cars Analysis with respect to Maruti Suzuki Swift
EDA:
For price distribution, we have used both normal and log scales due to the huge difference in prices and found lot of varaince in price and a lot of outliers that form a very different type(s) of cars i.e. very different categories in the automotive market

Car body type strongly affect the price. Petrol is the dominant fuel.

separation of clusters in Maruti Suzuki Engine Size and power. these features are highly related to price.

Contrary to whole dataset, expensive cars tend to have better mileage in Maruti Suzuki.

Heat map indicates High correlation between some features in Maruti Suzuki,

Pair plot shows clustering seems possible

dropping the cars over $30k as they totally not a match for the Maruti Suzuki

Clustering:

Again, by EDA we found that 3 clusters are appropriate so we apply k-means clustering and add the cluster column to dataframe.

clusters are strongly affected by the price with clear speration between clusters but it's kind of blurry when it comes to power.

similarly, clusters speration in power is stronger than mileage.

Average prices of cluster 1, 2 and 3 are $8000, $23000 and $14000 and number of cars are 360, 110 and 280 respectively.

Although clusters generated are not determinant yet they still can be useful.

Finally, some interesting results have been obtained in respect of Swift Model of Maruti.

conclusion:
The clusters generated by the KMeans model can be used to identify the strategic group that form a strong competition to the company products in the market 

